content/bio/skills.md, before:

+++
# Feature/Skill widget.
widget = "featurette"  # Do not modify this line!
date = 2017-09-20T00:00:00

# Activate this widget? true/false
active = true

title = "Interests"
subtitle = "*Academic & otherwise!*"

# Order that this section will appear in.
weight = 1

# Showcase personal skills or business features.
# 
# Add/remove as many `[[feature]]` blocks below as you like.
# 
# Available icon packs and icons:
# * fas - Font Awesome standard icons (see https://fontawesome.com/icons)
# * fab - Font Awesome brand icons (see https://fontawesome.com/icons)
# * ai - academic icons (see https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/)

[[feature]]
  icon = "code"
  icon_pack = "fas"
  name = "Comp/Math Biology"
  # description = "80%"

[[feature]]
  icon = "microscope"
  icon_pack = "fas"
  name = "Host-pathogen Biology"
  # description = "80%"

# [[feature]]
#   icon = "diagnoses"
#   icon_pack = "fas"
#   name = "Translational Research"
#   # description = "80%"


[[feature]]
  icon = "r-project"
  icon_pack = "fab"
  name = "Data Science & R"
  # description = "90%"
  
# [[feature]]
#   icon = "chart-line"
#   icon_pack = "fas"
#   name = "Mathematical biology"
#   # description = "80%" 

[[feature]]
  icon = "book-open"
  icon_pack = "fas"
  name = "Reading #nonfiction"
  # description = "90%"

[[feature]]
  icon = "music"
  icon_pack = "fas"
  name = "Music #vocal #keyboard"
  # description = "90%"

+++

Commit message:

v3.3 -> v4.1 | WiP
https://github.com/gcushen/hugo-academic/issues/962

yet to render successfully!

content/bio/skills.md, after:

+++
# A Skills section created with the Featurette widget.
widget = "featurette"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 30  # Order that this section will appear.

title = "Interests"
subtitle = "*Academic & otherwise!*"

# Showcase personal skills or business features.
# 
# Add/remove as many `[[feature]]` blocks below as you like.
# 
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/widgets/#icons

[[feature]]
  icon = "code"
  icon_pack = "fas"
  name = "Comp/Math Biology"
  # description = "80%"

[[feature]]
  icon = "microscope"
  icon_pack = "fas"
  name = "Host-pathogen Biology"
  # description = "80%"

# [[feature]]
#   icon = "diagnoses"
#   icon_pack = "fas"
#   name = "Translational Research"
#   # description = "80%"


[[feature]]
  icon = "r-project"
  icon_pack = "fab"
  name = "Data Science & R"
  # description = "90%"
  
# [[feature]]
#   icon = "chart-line"
#   icon_pack = "fas"
#   name = "Mathematical biology"
#   # description = "80%" 

[[feature]]
  icon = "book-open"
  icon_pack = "fas"
  name = "Reading #nonfiction"
  # description = "90%"

[[feature]]
  icon = "music"
  icon_pack = "fas"
  name = "Music #vocal #keyboard"
  # description = "90%"

+++
